yeah
it's easy oh my gosh no the
enterprise
there's no question no question
the enterprise has the benefit
of being real in the sense that
they're real scientist and real
engineers on staff on the ship
monitoring its engines its warp
drives its photon torpedoes and
so it's fake real as opposed to
the millennium falcon which is
just fake fake
it's just part of a fantasy
story telling in Star Wars
not only that the enterprise and
I've thought long and hard about
this and I think what I'm about
to say is correct it is the
first-ever spaceship represented
in story talented
that was not designed to go from
one place to another
it was only designed to explore
think about that every movie
every show that preceded that
build it to go to a destination
and they go there they get out
and they pitch tent
they're not completely living on
the ship as an exploratory
vehicle that was revolutionary
in terms of what we would think
space wooden should be about
plus in a battle the enterprise
which is wipe its ass with the
Millennium Falcon
I'm sorry can I say that on
national geographic
yeah